Remove station GUI installation (#240)
massalabs/docs: docs/massaStation/install.mdx

7. Once the installation is complete, you will receive a notification confirming the successful installation.

:::info
If you experience any issues during an update, please refer to the [FAQ](/docs/massaStation/faq).
:::

:::info Important

There is a known issue involving version checks while updating _Massa Station_ via the GUI, follow these instructions for best results:

1. Download the latest version of _Massa Station_ installer for Debian Linux (`.deb`) from [here](https://station.massa.net/).

> 2. Open your file manager and navigate to the location where the `.deb` package is saved.

Reviewer: Step 5 below (sorry I don't why I can't comment directly on it) needs to have the link updated to use: ### Updating on Linux

Author: Fixed !

7. Once the installation is complete, you will receive a notification confirming the successful installation.

:::info

> If you experience any issues during an update, please refer to the [FAQ](/docs/massaStation/faq).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you experience any issues during the update, please refer to the [FAQ](/docs/massaStation/faq).
```

:::

> :::info Important

Reviewer 3: sounds more like french
```suggestion
:::Important informations
```

Reviewer 2: There is no s to information (https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/117552/why-does-information-not-have-a-plural-form).

Reviewer 2: This was edited by NS hence the confusion

Author: Following last commit, it's broken: 
<img width="888" alt="image" src="https://github.com/massalabs/docs/assets/44696378/389f56f9-c022-40f1-83c7-ca40469025e3">

> There is a known issue involving version checks while updating _Massa Station_ via the GUI, follow these instructions for best results:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a known issue involving version checks while updating _Massa Station_ via the GUI. To avoid this issue we recommend following these instructions:
```

> There is a known issue involving version checks while updating _Massa Station_ via the GUI, follow these instructions for best results:

Reviewer 2: Don't we want to recommend these instructions directly if there is a known issue with the other method ?

Reviewer 3: cc @thomas-senechal
